1)
2) The feature pipeline is similar to the iris one but with some data cleaning before uploading into Hopsworks. We started by removing the feature Name, Ticket and Id because logically they can't be used to predict if you would survive or die, we also remove the feature Cabin since most of the values were nan. the age feature had some nan values but since it wasn't that many and this feature probably is good for predicting we choose to fill in all the nan values with the mean age of the rest. We also transferred Sex and Embarked from strings to integer classes so they could be handled by the training network. 
3) The training was done by reading in the features from Hopswork and then performing an 80-20 training test split which was used to train and test our Random forest model.
4) the model was then used to create a Gradio application which would allow the users to input features used for predicting if that person would have died or survived the titanic, The Gradio application would output the prediction in terms of 2 images, One on a person alive and well and one image on Loe dying in the movie Titanic.
5)  The synthetic data generator is based on the statistics from the past data, where we either use the mean and std (age, fare) or statistics on which classes the survivor had been part of.
6)  This is similar to the iris function. We changed the data and functions for it to work on the titanic data set. On the hugging face, we can see two predictions and a fusion matrix with the True positive and False negative based on the synthethic data that was created in the task before. Also, the chosen output of the image of Leo cheering the glass indicates that the case survived.
